Support conda lock files with any extension and remote URLs (#6665)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/conda.md

# .. and so on
```

To use a Conda lock file with Nextflow, set the `conda` directive to the path of the lock file:

```nextflow
process hello {
  conda '/path/to/spec-file.lock'

  script:
  """
  your_command --here
  """
}
```

> Conda lock files can also be specified using a remote URL (HTTP, HTTPS, S3, Google Cloud Storage, Azure Blob Storage, etc.):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also specify Conda lock files using a remote URL (HTTP, HTTPS, S3, Google Cloud Storage, Azure Blob Storage, etc.):
```

```nextflow
process hello {
  conda 'https://wave.seqera.io/v1alpha1/builds/bd-12345/condalock'

  script:
  """
  your_command --here
  """
}
```

```nextflow
process hello {
  conda 's3://my-bucket/conda/env.lock'

  script:
  """
  your_command --here
  """
}

> ```

Author: I think it's probably a bit excessive to spell out the s3 stuff as well, this is probably fine:
````suggestion
You can also specify Conda lock files using a remote URL:

```nextflow
process hello {
  conda 'https://wave.seqera.io/v1alpha1/builds/bd-12345/condalock'

  script:
  """
  your_command --here
  """
}
```

````
